[SRVCOM-2490] Add the FIPS note to 1.29 release notes (#60876)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-rn-1-29-0.adoc

{ServerlessProductName} 1.29 is now available. New features, changes, and known issues that pertain to {ServerlessProductName} on {product-title} are included in this topic.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> {ocp-product-title} 4.13 is based on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 9.2, which has not yet been submitted for Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) validation. Red Hat expects, though it cannot commit to a specific time, to obtain FIPS validation for RHEL 9.0 and RHEL 9.2 modules, and later even minor releases of RHEL 9.x. Information on updates will be available in the link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/2918071[Compliance Activities and Government Standards Knowledgebase article].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} 4.13 is based on {op-system-base-full} 9.2.  {op-system-base} 9.2 is yet to be submitted for Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) validation. Red Hat expects though it cannot commit to a specific timeframe, to obtain FIPS validation for {op-system-base} 9.0 and {op-system-base} 9.2 modules, and later even minor releases of {op-system-base} 9.x. Information on updates will be available in the link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/2918071[Compliance Activities and Government Standards Knowledgebase article].
```
